Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ ♪
(audience cheering)
(cheering continues)
("Alone Again" playing)
♪ ♪
(audience cheering)
(cheering continues)
♪ ♪
♪ Take off my disguise ♪
♪ I'm living
someone else's life ♪
♪ Suppressing
who I was inside ♪
♪ So I throw two-thousand ones
in the sky ♪
♪ Together we're alone ♪
♪ In Los Angeles
I feel so at home ♪
♪ Falling only for the night ♪
♪ So I throw two-thousand ones
in the sky ♪
♪ Well ♪
♪ How much to
light up my star again? ♪
♪ And rewire all my thoughts? ♪
♪ Oh. baby. won't you
remind me what I am? ♪
♪ And break ♪
♪ Break my little cold heart ♪
(vocalizing)
(vocalizing continues)
♪ ♪
(audience cheering)
("Gasoline" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ It's 5:00 a.m..
my time again ♪
♪ I've soakin' up the moon.
can't sleep ♪
♪ It's 5:00 a.m..
my time again ♪
♪ I'm calling
and you know it's me ♪
♪ I'm pushing myself further ♪
♪ I'm just tryin' to feel
my heartbeat beat ♪
♪ I wrap my hands
around your neck ♪
♪ You love it
when I always squeeze ♪
♪ It's 5:00 a.m..
I'm high again ♪
♪ And you can see
that I'm in pain ♪
♪ I've fallen into emptiness ♪
♪ I want you
'cause we're both insane ♪
♪ I'm staring into the abyss ♪
♪ I'm looking at myself again ♪
♪ I'm dozing off to R.E.M. ♪
♪ I'm trying
not to lose my faith ♪
♪ I love it when you
watch me sleep ♪
♪ You spin me 'round
so I can breathe ♪
♪ It's only safe
for you and me ♪
♪ I know you won't let me OD ♪
♪ And if I finally
die in peace ♪
♪ Just wrap my body
in these sheets ♪
♪ And pour out the gasoline ♪
♪ It don't mean much to me ♪
♪ 'Round. 'round. 'round.
'round we go ♪
♪ In this game called life ♪
♪ We are not free ♪
♪ Ohh-oh-ooh. yeah! ♪
♪ I love it when you
watch me sleep ♪
♪ You spin me 'round
so I can breathe ♪
♪ It's only safe
for you and me ♪
♪ Don't let me go ♪
♪ I know you won't let me OD ♪
♪ Don't you let me go ♪
♪ And if I finally
die in peace ♪
♪ Just wrap my body
in these sheets ♪
♪ And pour out the gasoline ♪
♪ It don't mean much to me ♪
♪ ♪
(audience cheering)
(cheering continues)
(electronic music playing)
("Sacrifice" playing)
♪ My. ooh ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I wanna know that
I'm in Los Angeles city! ♪
(audience cheering)
♪ From the left side.
all the way to the right side ♪
Put your hands up!
Come on!
Keep 'em up! Keep 'em up!
Los Angeles!
Y'all ready? One. two...
One. two. three. let's go!
♪ ♪
♪ I was born in a city ♪
♪ Where the winter nights
don't ever sleep ♪
♪ So this life's
always with me ♪
♪ The ice inside my veins
will never bleed ♪
♪ My. ooh ♪
Hey!
I see you. baby. let's go.
♪ Every time
you try to fix me ♪
♪ I know you'll never find
that missing piece ♪
♪ When you cry
and say you miss me ♪
♪ I'll lie and tell you
that I'll never leave ♪
But what I say?
♪ Say I sacrifice ♪
♪ Your love
for more of the night ♪
♪ I try to put up a fight ♪
♪ Can't tie me down ♪
♪ I don't wanna sacrifice ♪
♪ For your love. I try ♪
Keep those hands up!
I see you!
One. two. three. jump!
Jump. jump!
♪ ♪
♪ My. ooh ♪
♪ I hold you through
the toughest parts ♪
♪ When you feel like
it's the end ♪
♪ 'Cause life
is still worth living ♪
♪ Yeah. this life
♪ I can break you down
and pick you up ♪
♪ And fuck
like we are friends ♪
♪ But don't be
catching feelings ♪
♪ Don't be out here
♪ 'Cause I sacrificed ♪
♪ Your love for
more of the night ♪
♪ I try to put up a fight ♪
♪ Can't tie me down ♪
♪ Down ♪
♪ I don't wanna sacrifice ♪
♪ For your love. I try ♪
♪ But I love. hey. my time ♪
♪ I don't wanna... ♪
♪ I don't wanna
sacrifice you. baby ♪
♪ But I know ♪
♪ That I'm in
Los Angeles. baby ♪
(vocalizes)
♪ So I said. Los Angeles! ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I said ♪
♪ Los Angeles! ♪
♪ I don't wanna sacrifice ♪
♪ For your love. I try ♪
♪ ♪
♪ But I love my time ♪
♪ My. ooh ♪
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go!
Alright!
♪ My. ooh ♪
♪ ♪
("How Do I Make You Love Me?"
playing)
♪ ♪
♪ We're going back in time ♪
♪ I'd like to see you try ♪
♪ Unpacking thoughts
through tunnels in your mind ♪
♪ I'll fix you mushroom tea ♪
♪ And cross the restless sea ♪
♪ Release yourself
to escape reality ♪
♪ It doesn't faze you ♪
♪ I need a breakthrough ♪
♪ I only want
what's right in front of me ♪
♪ It's quite unusual ♪
♪ Seeking approval ♪
♪ Begging for it desperately ♪
♪ I said ♪
Los Angeles!
Welcome to the After Hours
Til Dawn Tour!
I'm gonna feel out what side
is a little crazier tonight.
is it the left side
or the right side?
Let's find out.
♪ Left side. left side.
left side. left side ♪
♪ Right side. right side.
right side. right side ♪
One. two.
one. two. three. let's go!
♪ How do I make you love me? ♪
♪ How do I make you
fall for me? ♪
♪ How do I
make you want me? ♪
♪ And make it last eternally? ♪
♪ How do I make you love me? ♪
♪ How do I make you
fall for me? ♪
♪ How do I make you want me? ♪
♪ And make it last eternally? ♪
♪ I can see
the real you. girl ♪
♪ You don't have to hide ♪
♪ Forget 'bout
what your daddy said ♪
♪ I'll teach you how to shine ♪
♪ And all the things
you tolerated ♪
♪ Made you cold inside ♪
♪ And I can light you up again
like embers of a fire ♪
♪ It doesn't faze you ♪
♪ I need a breakthrough ♪
♪ I only want
what's right in front of me ♪
♪ It's quite unusual ♪
♪ Seeking approval ♪
♪ Begging for it desperately ♪
♪ I said ♪
♪ How do I make you love me? ♪
One. two. three. come on!
♪ How do I make you
fall for me? ♪
♪ How do I make you want me ♪
♪ And make it last eternally? ♪
♪ How do I make you love me? ♪
♪ How do I make you
fall for me? ♪
♪ How do I make you want me? ♪
♪ And make it last eternally? ♪
(cheering)
♪ ♪
♪ I said I love you.
Los Angeles ♪
♪ Yes. I do ♪
♪ Oh-oh ♪
Hit me!
("Can't Feel My Face" playing)
♪ And I know she'll
be the death of me ♪
♪ At least we'll both be numb ♪
♪ And she'll always
get the best of me ♪
♪ The worst is yet to come ♪
♪ But at least
we'll both be beautiful ♪
♪ And stay forever young ♪
♪ This I know ♪
♪ Yeah. girl. I know.
one time! ♪
♪ She told me.
"Don't worry about it" ♪
"Don't worry no more" ♪
♪ We both know
we can't go without it ♪
♪ She told me.
"You'll never be..." ♪
One. two. three. let's go!
Yeah!
♪ But I love it. yeah! ♪
♪ But I love it ♪
♪ Oh. I can't feel my face
when I'm with you ♪
Yeah!
♪ But I love it. yeah! ♪
♪ But I love it ♪
♪ And I know she'll be
the death of me ♪
♪ At least we'll both be numb ♪
♪ And she'll always
get the best of me ♪
♪ The worst is yet to come ♪
♪ All the misery was necessary
when we're deep in love ♪
♪ This I know. yeah! ♪
♪ Girl. I know ♪
One time!
♪ She told me. "Don't... ♪
Audience:
♪ "...worry about it" ♪
♪ She told me.
"Don't worry no more" ♪
♪ We both know
we can't go without it ♪
♪ She told me.
"You'll never be alone" ♪
Let's go!
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah. but I love it ♪
♪ Yeah.
but I love it ♪
♪ Oh. I can't feel my face
when I'm with you. hey ♪
♪ But I love it. say.
but I love it ♪
♪ I can't feel my face
when I'm with you. oh ♪
♪ But I love it.
say. but I love it ♪
♪ I can't feel my face
when I'm with you. oh ♪
Audience:
♪ But I love it ♪
♪ When I'm with you. baby ♪
♪ Ohh! ♪
(vocalizes)
♪ She told me.
"Don't worry..." ♪
Audience:
♪ "...about it" ♪
♪ She told me.
"Don't worry..." ♪
Audience:
♪ "...no more" ♪
♪ We both know we can't go... ♪
Audience:
♪ ...without it ♪
♪ She told me. "You'll never ♪
♪ Be al-l-lone" ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I can't feel my face. yeah ♪
♪ But I love you. baby ♪
♪ Yes. I love you ♪
♪ I said. I can't feel
my face when I'm... ♪
♪ I can't feel my face. yeah ♪
♪ When I'm with you. baby ♪
♪ I love it ♪
♪ When I'm with you. oh ♪
♪ But I love it. yeah ♪
♪ But I love it ♪
♪ I can't feel my face
when I'm with you. oh ♪
♪ But I... ♪
♪ When I'm with you. baby ♪
Los Angeles. make some noise!
(cheering)
♪ ♪
♪ Ohh! ♪
Say...
("Take My Breath" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ Ohh! ♪
♪ Take my breath ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ohh! ♪
Sing!
One. two.
One. two. three.
♪ Take my breath ♪
♪ ♪
(cheering)
One. two. three.
♪ Take my breath ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ohh! ♪
♪ Take my breath ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ohh! ♪
Sing!
♪ I saw the fire in your eyes ♪
♪ I saw the fire
when I look into your eyes ♪
♪ You tell me things
you wanna try ♪
♪ I know temptation
is the devil in disguise ♪
♪ You risk it all
to feel alive ♪
♪ Ooh. yeah ♪
♪ You're offering yourself
to me like sacrifice ♪
♪ You said you do this
all the time ♪
♪ Tell me you love me
if I bring you to the light ♪
♪ So I said ♪
♪ It's like a dream ♪
♪ What she feels with me ♪
♪ She likes to be
on the edge ♪
♪ Her fantasy is okay with me ♪
♪ Then suddenly. baby says ♪
♪ Take my breath... away ♪
♪ And make it
last forever. babe ♪
♪ Do it now or never. baby ♪
♪ Take my breath... away ♪
♪ Nobody does it better. babe ♪
♪ Bring me close
to heaven. babe ♪
♪ Take my breath ♪
(audience cheering)
♪ ♪
Come on!
♪ Oh-ohh ♪
♪ Oh-oh ♪
♪ Take my.
take my breath away ♪
♪ Nobody does it better. babe ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
Sing!
♪ Take my breath... away ♪
♪ Nobody does it better. babe ♪
♪ Bring me close
to heaven. babe ♪
♪ Take my breath... away ♪
♪ Yeah. oh-ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Take my breath ♪
Yeah!
♪ Nobody does it better. babe ♪
♪ Bring me close
to heaven. babe ♪
♪ Take my breath ♪
(audience cheering)
(cheering continues)
("Hurricane" playing)
♪ ♪
(audience cheering)
♪ See this in 3D ♪
♪ All lights out for me ♪
♪ Lightning strikes the beach ♪
♪ Eighty degrees ♪
♪ Warm it up for me ♪
♪ Finally free ♪
♪ Found the God in me ♪
♪ As I go out to the sea ♪
♪ I can walk on water ♪
♪ Thousand miles from shore ♪
♪ Demon stuck on my shoulder ♪
♪ Father. hold me close ♪
♪ Don't let me drown ♪
♪ I know you won't ♪
("The Hills" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ Your man on the road.
he doin' promo ♪
♪ You said. "Keep our business
on the low-low" ♪
♪ I'm just tryin' to get you
out the friend zone ♪
♪ 'Cause you look
even better than the photos ♪
♪ I can't find your house.
send me the info ♪
♪ Drivin' through
the gated residential ♪
♪ Found out I was comin'.
sent your friends home ♪
♪ Keep on tryin' to hide it.
but your friends know ♪
♪ I only call you when ♪
♪ ♪
♪ The only time
that I'll be by your side ♪
♪ I only love it when you
touch me. not feel me ♪
♪ When I'm fucked up.
that's the real me ♪
♪ When I'm fucked up. you say ♪
One. two. three. go!
♪ The only time
I'd ever call you mine ♪
♪ I only love it when you
touch me. not feel me ♪
♪ When I'm fucked up ♪
♪ So I said ♪
♪ Hills have eyes ♪
♪ These hills have eyes ♪
♪ Only... ♪
Audience:
♪ You to trust ♪
♪ Only you to trust ♪
I said...
♪ Hide your lies ♪
♪ Girl. hide your lies ♪
One time.
♪ Only you... ♪
Audience:
♪ ...to trust ♪
Los Angeles!
(vocalizes)
♪ The only time
that I'll be by your side ♪
♪ I only love it when you
touch me. not feel me ♪
♪ When I'm fucked up ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
I said. one. two. three!
♪ ♪
♪ The only time
I'd ever call you mine ♪
♪ I only love it when you
touch me. not feel me ♪
♪ When I'm fucked up ♪
♪ ♪
(cheering)
(cheering continues)
("Often" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ Ooh. yeah. I usually love
sleepin' all alone ♪
♪ This time around.
bring your friend with you ♪
♪ But we ain't really
gonna sleep at all ♪
♪ You ain't gon'
catch me with them ♪
♪ Sneak pictures.
sneak pictures ♪
♪ In my city I'm a young god ♪
♪ That pussy kill
be so vicious ♪
♪ My god white.
he in my pocket ♪
♪ He get me
redder than the devil ♪
♪ Till I go nauseous ♪
♪ She asked me
if I do this every day ♪
♪ I said. "Often" ♪
♪ Asked how many times
she rode the wave ♪
♪ Not so often ♪
♪ Bitches down to do it
either way. often ♪
♪ Baby. I can make
that pussy rain. often ♪
Top side!
♪ Often. often ♪
♪ Girl. I do this often ♪
♪ Make that pussy poppin' ♪
♪ Do it how I want it ♪
♪ Often. often ♪
♪ Girl. I do this often ♪
♪ Make that pussy poppin' ♪
♪ Do it how I want it ♪
♪ Often ♪
♪ Ooh. the sun's risin' up ♪
♪ The night's almost up ♪
♪ The night's almost done ♪
♪ But I see your eyes ♪
♪ You wanna go again ♪
Well. guess what. LA?
♪ Imma go again. Imma... ♪
One. two. one.
two. three let's go!
♪ She asked me
if I do this every day ♪
♪ I said. "Often" ♪
♪ Asked how many times
she rode the wave ♪
♪ Not so often ♪
♪ Bitches down
to do it either way. often ♪
♪ Baby. I can make
that pussy rain. often ♪
I said...
♪ Often. often ♪
♪ Girl. I do this often ♪
♪ Make that pussy poppin' ♪
♪ Do it how I want it ♪
♪ Often. often ♪
♪ Girl. I do this often ♪
♪ Make that pussy poppin' ♪
♪ Do it how I want it ♪
♪ Often ♪
("Crew Love" playing)
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Listen ♪
♪ I wanna know if I sold out ♪
♪ The SoFi tonight ♪
I said...
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Listen ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
Let's go!
♪ ♪
♪ Take your nose
off my keyboard ♪
♪ What you bothering me for? ♪
♪ There's a room
full of niggas ♪
♪ What you following me for? ♪
♪ This ain't
no fuckin' sing-along. baby ♪
♪ So. girl.
what you singing for? ♪
♪ It's 'cause
we blowing like a C4 ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Twenty. get the bar rolling ♪
♪ Fake ID's
in the trash we going ♪
♪ Straight to the top.
rooftop glows ♪
♪ With a handful of girls ♪
♪ And they all so foreign ♪
♪ Brain so poisoned.
rainbows flowin' ♪
♪ Light-skinned chick.
first flight from Poland ♪
♪ A whole lot of friends ♪
First flight from Los Angeles!
♪ ♪
♪ Why? ♪
♪ 'Cause they loving the crew ♪
♪ They what? ♪
♪ Loving the crew ♪
♪ They loving the crew ♪
♪ Oh. they loving the crew ♪
♪ They loving the... ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ ♪
("Starboy" playing)
(audience cheering)
♪ Look what you've done ♪
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Oh. we just getting started.
Los Angeles. come on!
♪ I'm a motherfuckin' starboy ♪
♪ Look what you've done ♪
♪ I'm tryin' to put you
in the worst mood ♪
♪ P1 cleaner
than your church shoes. ah ♪
♪ Milli point
two just to hurt you. ah ♪
♪ All red Lamb'
just to tease you. ah ♪
♪ None of these toys
on lease too. ah ♪
♪ Made your whole year
in a week too. yah ♪
♪ Main bitch
out your league too. ah ♪
♪ Side bitch
out of your league ♪
Let's go!
♪ House so empty
need a centerpiece ♪
♪ Twenty racks a table
cut from ebony ♪
♪ Cut that ivory
into skinny pieces ♪
♪ Then she clean it
with her face. man ♪
♪ I love my baby ♪
♪ You talking money.
need a hearing aid ♪
♪ You talking 'bout me.
I don't see the shade ♪
♪ Switch up my style.
I take any lane ♪
♪ I switch up my cup.
I kill any pain ♪
Hey!
I see. I see. I see.
♪ Say. look what you've done ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm a... ♪
♪ I'm a motherfuckin' starboy ♪
♪ Look what you've done ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ I'm a motherfuckin' starboy ♪
♪ Every day a nigga
try to test me. ah ♪
try to end me. ah ♪
♪ Pull off in
that Roadster SV. ah ♪
♪ Pockets overweight.
gettin' hefty. ah ♪
♪ Coming for the king.
that's a far cry. ah ♪
♪ I come alive
in the fall time. I ♪
♪ No competition.
I don't really listen ♪
♪ I'm in the blue
Mulsanne bumping New Edition ♪
♪ House so empty.
need a centerpiece ♪
♪ Twenty racks a table
cut from ebony ♪
♪ Cut that ivory
into skinny pieces ♪
♪ Then she clean it
with her face. man ♪
♪ I love my baby ♪
♪ You talking money.
need a hearing aid ♪
♪ You talking 'bout me.
I don't see the shade ♪
♪ Switch up my style.
I take any lane ♪
♪ I switch up my cup. say ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Look what you've done ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. oh-oh ♪
Sing!
♪ I'm a motherfuckin' starboy ♪
♪ Look what you've done ♪
Los Angeles. look what
you've motherfuckin' done!
♪ I'm a motherfuckin' starboy ♪
♪ Let a nigga brag Pitt ♪
♪ Legend of the fall ♪
♪ Took the year like a bandit ♪
♪ Bought mama a crib
and a brand new wagon ♪
♪ Now she hit the grocery shop
looking lavish ♪
♪ Star Trek roof
in that Wraith of Khan ♪
♪ Girls get loose
when they hear this song ♪
♪ A hundred on the on the dash
get me close to God ♪
♪ We don't pray for love.
we just pray for cars ♪
♪ House so empty.
need a centerpiece ♪
♪ Twenty racks a table
cut from ebony ♪
♪ Cut that ivory
into skinny pieces ♪
♪ Then she clean it
with her face. man ♪
♪ I love my baby ♪
♪ You talking money.
need a hearing aid ♪
♪ You talking 'bout me.
I don't see the shade ♪
♪ Switch up my style.
I take any lane ♪
♪ I switch up my cup ♪
Say less!
♪ ♪
♪ Look what you've done ♪
Oh. Los Angeles. look
what you motherfuckin' done!
♪ I'm a motherfuckin' starboy ♪
♪ Look what you've done ♪
♪ Ooh. baby ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ I'm a motherfuckin'... ♪
♪ Starboy-y-y ♪
(vocalizes)
♪ I'm a motherfuckin' starboy ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ Say. look what you've done ♪
♪ Look what you've done ♪
♪ I'm a motherfuckin' starboy ♪
(audience cheering)
Los Angeles. look
what you motherfuckin' done!
(cheering continues)
This is the last show
of the first leg of this tour.
But we just getting
started tonight.
Hit that shit.
come on. let's go.
♪ ♪
(cheering)
We just getting started
tonight. Los Angeles!
Get up!
One. two. three. go!
("Heartless" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ Never need a bitch.
I'm what a bitch need ♪
♪ Tryin' to find the one
that can fix me ♪
♪ I've been dodging death
in the six-speed ♪
♪ Amphetamine got
my stummy feelin' sickly ♪
♪ Yeah. I want it all now ♪
♪ I've been runnin' through
the pussy ♪
♪ Need a dog pound ♪
♪ Hundred models gettin'
faded in the compound ♪
♪ Tryin' to love me but they
never get a pulse down ♪
♪ Why? 'Cause I'm heartless ♪
♪ And I'm back to my ways
'cause I'm heartless ♪
♪ All this money and this pain
got me heartless ♪
♪ Low life for life
'cause I'm heartless ♪
♪ Said I'm heartless ♪
♪ Tryin' to be a better man
but I'm heartless ♪
♪ Never be a wedding plan
for the heartless ♪
♪ Low life for life
'cause I'm heartless ♪
♪ I'm heartless ♪
♪ Said I'm heartless ♪
♪ So much pussy.
it be fallin' out the pocket ♪
♪ Metro Boomin turn
this ho into a mosh pit ♪
♪ Tesla pill got me
flyin' like a cockpit ♪
♪ I gotta watch it ♪
♪ Call me up.
turn that pussy to a faucet ♪
♪ Duffel bags full of drugs
and a rocket ♪
♪ Stix drunk
but he never miss a target ♪
♪ Photoshoots.
I'm a star now ♪
♪ I'm talking Time.
Rolling Stone and Bazaar now ♪
♪ Sellin' dreams to these girls
with they guard down ♪
♪ Seven years I been
swimmin' with the... ♪
Talk to me!
Why?
♪ 'Cause I'm heartless ♪
♪ And I'm back to my ways
'cause I'm heartless ♪
♪ All this money and this pain
got me heartless ♪
♪ Low life for life
'cause I'm heartless ♪
♪ Said I'm heartless ♪
♪ Tryin' to be a better man
but I'm heartless ♪
♪ Never be a wedding plan
for the heartless ♪
♪ ♪
("Low Life" playing)
♪ I turn the SoFi
to a poor house ♪
♪ It's like eviction number
four now ♪
♪ Go 'head and ash it
on the floor now ♪
♪ Girl. go 'head and show me
how you go down ♪
♪ And I feel
my whole body peakin' ♪
♪ And I'm fuckin' anybody
with they legs wide ♪
♪ Got me faded with some
bitches from the West Side ♪
♪ East Coast. nigga.
reppin' North Side ♪
♪ Never waste a... ♪
♪ Bitch. I'm on my own time ♪
♪ Fuck a nigga co-sign ♪
♪ Always change my number
and my phone line ♪
♪ Baby girl. I don't lie ♪
♪ Used to have
no money for a crib ♪
♪ Now my room service
bill cost your ♪
♪ If they try to stunt me.
I go all out military ♪
♪ I'm camo'ed all out.
like I'm in the military ♪
♪ I free up all my niggas
locked up in the peni... ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm always
reppin' for that ♪
♪ Reppin' for that low life ♪
♪ Low life. low life.
low life ♪
♪ Got me reppin'
for that low. low life ♪
♪ Said I'm reppin'
for that low life ♪
♪ Low life. low life.
low life. low life ♪
♪ Got me repping
for that low life ♪
♪ Low life ♪
♪ Low life. low life ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
(audience cheering)
♪ Said I'm reppin'
for that low life. tonight ♪
♪ 'Cause we sold out the SoFi
three times ♪
(cheering continues)
♪ Whoa ♪
I see you. baby.
Let's get sexy. come on.
Hey.
("Or Nah" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ Nah-nah-nah-nah-nah ♪
♪ Do you like the way
I flick my tongue or nah? ♪
♪ You can ride my face
until you're drippin' come ♪
♪ Can you lick the tip
then throat the dick or nah? ♪
♪ Can you let me stretch
that pussy out or nah? ♪
♪ I'm not the type to call you
back tomorrow ♪
♪ But the way you wrapping
'round me is a problem ♪
♪ Ain't nobody tryin'
to save ya ♪
♪ Baby. get that paper ♪
♪ Probably got a lot of
other bitches owe you favors ♪
♪ Pussy so good. had to
save that shit for later ♪
♪ Took her to the kitchen.
fucked her ♪
♪ Right there on the table ♪
♪ She repping XO to the death ♪
♪ I'm tryin' to make
these bitches ♪
♪ I'm tryin'
to keep that pussy ♪
♪ I'm tryin' to fuck her
and her friends ♪
♪ Tryin' to aah ♪
Talk to me!
♪ Show me is you really
'bout your money girl or nah? ♪
♪ Don't play with a boss ♪
♪ Nah-nah. nah ♪
♪ Nah-nah. nah
Nah-nah. nah ♪
♪ Said. nah. baby ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Can you really
take dick or nah? ♪
♪ I wanna know it ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ Nah-nah. nah
Nah-nah. nah ♪
♪ Nah-nah. nah ♪
♪ Said. nah. baby ♪
♪ I wanna see you take it off ♪
♪ Oh. yeah.
well. I wanna know ♪
♪ Wanna know ♪
Say!
♪ Would you ride
for a nigga or nah? ♪
♪ Would you die for a nigga
or nah. or nah? ♪
(audience cheering)
("Kiss Land" playing)
♪ ♪
This is for the OG XO fans
in Los Angeles. tonight!
(cheering continues)
♪ ♪
Oh. yeah. we going
back in time right now.
Talk to me.
♪ When I got on stage.
she swore I was six feet tall ♪
♪ But when she
put it in her mouth ♪
♪ She can't seem to reach my ♪
So I said...
♪ B-b-b-ballin' ain't ♪
♪ An issue for me ♪
♪ I'll make a hundred stacks ♪
♪ Right back next week ♪
♪ And do it all again ♪
♪ I'm faded off
the wrong thing ♪
♪ The wrong thing ♪
♪ And I'll admit. baby ♪
♪ I'm a little camera shy ♪
♪ But exceptions
can be made. baby ♪
♪ 'Cause you're too damn fly ♪
♪ For what it's worth ♪
♪ I hope you enjoy the show ♪
♪ 'Cause if you're back here
only takin' pictures ♪
♪ You gonna have to
take your ass home ♪
♪ 'Cause the only thing
you're takin' ♪
♪ Is your clothes off ♪
♪ Go ahead. girl.
strip it down ♪
♪ Close your mouth ♪
♪ I just wanna hear ♪
♪ Your body talk ♪
(vocalizes)
♪ Oh. babe ♪
♪ Don't hold back. let it out ♪
♪ Oh. girl. don't hold back.
let it out ♪
Hey!
♪ Talk to me ♪
♪ Don't hold back. let it out ♪
Hey! Hey! Hey!
♪ Don't hold back ♪
♪ ♪
("Party Monster" playing)
Los Angeles. are you trying
to go home tonight?
Let's go!
I see you.
I see you. I see you.
♪ I'm good. I'm good.
I am great ♪
♪ Know it's been a while.
now I'm mixing up the drank ♪
♪ I just need a girl
who gon' really understand ♪
♪ I'm good. I'm good.
I am great ♪
♪ Know it's been a while.
now I'm mixing up the drank ♪
♪ I just need a girl
who gon' really understand ♪
♪ And I've seen her
get richer in the pole ♪
♪ I've seen her.
I knew she had to know ♪
♪ I've seen her
take down that tequila ♪
♪ Down by the liter.
I knew I had to meet her ♪
♪ Ooh. she mine. ooh. girl.
bump and grind ♪
bump a line ♪
♪ Angelina.
lips like Angelina ♪
♪ Like Selena.
ass shaped like ♪
Let's go!
♪ Got up ♪
♪ Thank the Lord for the day ♪
♪ Woke up by a girl.
I don't even know her name ♪
I said...
♪ Got up ♪
♪ Thank the Lord for the day ♪
♪ Woke up by a girl.
I don't even know her name ♪
♪ Paranoid ♪
♪ But I see something in you ♪
♪ Paranoid. baby ♪
♪ Paranoid. darling ♪
♪ But I see
something in you. girl ♪
♪ Paranoid ♪
♪ I said. paranoid. baby ♪
♪ But I see something in you ♪
Los Angeles!
♪ ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Woke up by a girl.
I don't even know her name ♪
(audience cheering)
♪ ♪
("Faith" playing)
♪ No. no. no. no. no-no ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Light a blunt up
with the flame ♪
♪ Put that cocaine on a plate ♪
♪ Molly with the purple rain ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ 'Cause I lost my faith ♪
♪ So I cut away the pain ♪
♪ Got it swimming in my veins ♪
♪ Now my mind
is outta place. yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause I lost my faith ♪
♪ And I feel everything ♪
♪ I feel everything
from my body to my soul ♪
♪ No. no ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel everything ♪
♪ When I'm coming down
is the most ♪
♪ I feel alone ♪
♪ No. no ♪
Say!
♪ I've been sober for a year ♪
♪ Now it's time for me ♪
♪ To go back to my old ways ♪
♪ Don't you cry for me ♪
♪ Thought I'd be a better man ♪
♪ But I lied to me and to you ♪
♪ I take half a Xan'
and I still stay awake ♪
♪ All my demons wanna
pull me to my grave ♪
♪ I choose Vegas
if they offer Heaven's gate ♪
♪ I tried to love.
but you know I'd never stay ♪
♪ I'd never stay ♪
♪ When if I OD ♪
♪ I want you
to OD right beside me ♪
♪ I want you to
follow right behind me ♪
♪ I want you to hold me
while I'm smiling ♪
♪ While I'm dying ♪
♪ And if you know me ♪
♪ When I go missing.
you know where to find me ♪
♪ Driving down
the boulevard is blinding ♪
♪ Blinded by
the desert lights. babe ♪
♪ Well. I say
I feel everything ♪
♪ I feel everything
from my body to my soul ♪
♪ No. no ♪
♪ Girl. I feel everything ♪
♪ When I'm coming down
is the most I feel alone ♪
♪ No. no ♪
♪ I lost my faith ♪
♪ I'm losing
my religion every day ♪
♪ Time hasn't been
kind to me. I pray ♪
♪ When I look
inside the mirror ♪
♪ And see someone I love ♪
♪ Oh. someone I love ♪
♪ Faith ♪
♪ I'm losing
my religion every day ♪
♪ Time hasn't been
kind to me. I pray ♪
♪ When I look
inside the mirror ♪
♪ And see someone
that I love ♪
♪ Oh. someone I love. oh! ♪
("After Hours" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ I'm fallin' in too deep ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ I'm fallin' in too deep ♪
♪ Ohh-ohh! ♪
Sing!
♪ ♪
♪ My darkest hours ♪
♪ Girl. I felt so alone inside
of this crowded room ♪
♪ Different girls
on the floor ♪
♪ Distracting
my thoughts of you ♪
♪ I turned into the man ♪
♪ I used to be. to be ♪
♪ Put myself to sleep ♪
♪ Just so I can
get closer to you ♪
♪ Inside my dreams ♪
♪ Didn't wanna wake up
'less you were beside me ♪
♪ I just wanted to call you
and say. and say ♪
♪ Oh. baby. where are you now ♪
♪ When I need you most? ♪
♪ I'd give it all
just to hold you close ♪
♪ Sorry that I
broke your heart ♪
♪ Your heart ♪
♪ Never comin' down ♪
♪ I was runnin' away
from facin' reality ♪
♪ Wastin' all of my time
on livin' my fantasies ♪
♪ Spendin' money
to compensate ♪
♪ Compensate ♪
♪ 'Cause I want you. baby ♪
♪ I'll be livin' in Heaven
when I'm inside of you ♪
♪ It was definitely a blessing
wakin' beside you ♪
♪ I'll never let you down
again. again ♪
♪ Oh. baby. where are you now ♪
♪ When I need you most? ♪
♪ I'd give it all
just to hold you close ♪
♪ Sorry that
I broke your heart ♪
♪ Your heart ♪
♪ I said. baby ♪
♪ I'll treat you better
than I did before ♪
♪ I'll hold you down
and not let you go ♪
♪ This time I won't
break your heart ♪
♪ Your heart. yeah ♪
(audience cheering)
♪ ♪
♪ I know it's all my fault ♪
♪ Made you
put down your guard ♪
♪ And I know I made you fall ♪
♪ Then said
you were wrong for me ♪
♪ I lied to you. I lied to you.
I lied to you ♪
♪ Can't hide the truth ♪
♪ I stayed with her
in spite of you ♪
♪ You did some things
that you regret ♪
♪ Still ride for you ♪
♪ 'Cause this house
is not a home. without my... ♪
Audience:
♪ Baby. where are you now ♪
♪ When I need you most? ♪
♪ I gave it all
just to hold you close ♪
♪ Sorry that
I broke your heart ♪
♪ Your heart ♪
♪ And I said. baby ♪
♪ I'll treat you
better than I did before ♪
♪ I'll hold you down
and not let you go ♪
♪ This time
I won't break your heart ♪
♪ Your heart ♪
♪ No ♪
(audience cheering)
("Out of Time" playing)
♪ ♪
Los Angeles. how the fuck
are y'all feeling tonight?
(cheering)
Look how beautiful you look.
Look how gorgeous
you look tonight.
♪ ♪
And you sound beautiful. too.
'cause I just heard you
a few seconds ago.
So. I need you to help me out
on this next song.
you hear me?
Let's go.
♪ The last few months ♪
♪ I've been
working on me. baby ♪
♪ There's so much trauma
in my life ♪
♪ I've been so cold to
the ones who loved me. baby ♪
♪ I look back now
and I realize ♪
♪ I remember when I held you ♪
♪ You begged me with
your drowning eyes to stay ♪
♪ And I regret
I didn't tell you ♪
♪ Now I can't keep you
from loving him ♪
♪ You made up your mind ♪
♪ Say I love you. girl.
but I'm out of time ♪
♪ Say I'm there for you ♪
♪ But I'm out of time ♪
♪ Say that I'll care for you ♪
♪ Said I'm too late
to make you mine ♪
♪ Out of time ♪
♪ If he mess up just a little ♪
♪ Baby. you know my line ♪
♪ If you don't
trust him a little ♪
♪ Then come right back.
girl. come right back ♪
♪ Give me one chance.
just a little ♪
♪ Baby. I'll treat you right ♪
♪ And I'll love you like ♪
♪ I should've loved you ♪
♪ All the time ♪
♪ And I ♪
Sing!
♪ Remember when I held you ♪
♪ You begged me with
your drowning eyes to stay ♪
♪ And I regret
I didn't tell you ♪
♪ Now I can't keep you
from loving him ♪
♪ You made up your mind ♪
♪ Say I love you.
girl. but I'm... ♪
♪ Out of time ♪
♪ Say. I'm there for you ♪
♪ But I'm... ♪
♪ Out of time ♪
♪ Say that I'll care for you.
but I'm out of time ♪
♪ Said. I'm too late
to make you mine ♪
♪ Out of time ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. singing ♪
Oh. Los Angeles. oh.
you look so beautiful tonight.
Look at you. oh!
Hey!
Say. baby.
- ♪ Ohh ♪
- ♪ Out of time ♪
♪ Too late to make you mine ♪
♪ Out of time ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Oh. no. no. no ♪
♪ Don't you dare
touch that dial ♪
♪ Because like the song says
you are out of time ♪
("I Feel It Coming" playing)
♪ I feel it coming ♪
♪ Said I. no. no-no-no ♪
- ♪ No ♪
- ♪ I feel it coming ♪
♪ Tell me
what you really like ♪
♪ Baby. I can take my time ♪
♪ We don't ever have to fight ♪
♪ Just take it step by step ♪
♪ I can see it in your eyes ♪
♪ 'Cause they never
tell me lies ♪
♪ I can feel that body shake ♪
♪ And the heat
between your legs ♪
♪ You say.
you've been scared of love ♪
♪ And what it did to you ♪
♪ You don't have to run ♪
♪ I know what you've
been through ♪
♪ Just a simple touch
and it can set you free ♪
♪ We don't have to rush now.
when you're alone ♪
♪ Said. I feel it coming ♪
♪ Said. I feel it
coming. baby ♪
♪ I feel it coming ♪
♪ I feel it coming. baby ♪
♪ Oh. I feel it coming. baby ♪
♪ I feel it coming ♪
♪ I feel it coming. baby ♪
♪ You've been scared of love ♪
♪ And what it did to you ♪
♪ You don't have to rush ♪
♪ I know what you've
been through ♪
♪ Just a simple touch ♪
♪ And it can set you free ♪
♪ We don't have to rush. no.
when you're alone ♪
♪ Said. I feel it coming ♪
♪ I feel it coming. babe ♪
♪ I feel it coming ♪
♪ Na-na-na. na-na-na ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Oh-oh ♪
♪ I feel it coming ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ Oh-oh ♪
- ♪ I feel it coming ♪
♪ I feel it coming ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I said. oh-oh ♪
♪ I feel it coming ♪
♪ I feel it coming. babe ♪
(audience cheering)
(cheering continues)
I fuckin' love you.
Los Angeles.
Thank you so much.
(cheering continues)
This is the last show.
and I think it's the best
fuckin' show all tour. baby.
Let's go!
(cheering intensifies)
This next song's for you.
Hit that shit.
("Die For You" playing)
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Oh. Los Angeles ♪
♪ I think I'd motherfuckin'
die for you ♪
Yeah!
Hmm!
♪ I'm findin' ways
to articulate ♪
♪ The feelin'
I'm goin' through ♪
♪ I just can't say
I don't love you ♪
♪ Yeah. 'cause
I love you. yeah ♪
♪ It's hard for me
to communicate ♪
♪ The thoughts that I hold ♪
♪ But tonight.
I'm gonna let you know ♪
♪ Let me tell the truth ♪
♪ Baby. let me
tell the truth. yeah ♪
♪You know what I'm thinkin'.
see it in your eyes ♪
♪ You hate that you want me.
hate it when you cry ♪
♪ You're scared to be lonely.
'specially in the night ♪
♪ I'm scared
that I'll miss you ♪
♪ Happens every time ♪
♪ I don't want this feelin'.
I can't afford love ♪
♪ I try to find a reason
to pull us apart ♪
♪ It ain't workin'. 'cause
you're worth it. and I know ♪
You know the words. let's go!
One. two. three. sing!
Audience:
♪ Even though
we're goin' through it ♪
♪ And it makes you feel alone ♪
♪ Know that
I would die for you ♪
♪ Baby. I would
die for you. yeah ♪
♪ The distance and the time
between us ♪
♪ It'll never change my mind ♪
♪ 'Cause. baby.
I would die for you ♪
♪ Baby. I would
die for you. yeah ♪
♪ I would die for you.
I would lie for you ♪
♪ Keep it real with you.
I would kill for you ♪
♪ Los Angeles ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
One more time!
♪ I would die for you.
I would lie for you ♪
♪ Keep it real with you ♪
♪ I'd motherfuckin'
kill for you ♪
♪ Los Angeles ♪
Say. one. two.
one. two. three. say...
♪ Even though
we're goin' through it ♪
♪ And it makes you
feel alone ♪
♪ I just know
that I would die for you ♪
Audience:
♪ Baby. I would die for you ♪
♪ Ohh! ♪
Sing!
♪ The distance
and the time between us ♪
♪ It'll never change my mind ♪
♪ 'Cause. baby. I would
die for you. you. you ♪
♪ Ohh! ♪
One more time!
♪ Even though
we're goin' through it ♪
♪ And it makes you feel alone ♪
♪ Just know that
I would die for you ♪
♪ Baby. I would
die for you. yeah ♪
♪ The distance
and the time between us ♪
♪ It'll never change my mind ♪
♪ 'Cause. baby.
I would die for you ♪
♪ Baby. I would die for you ♪
("Is There Someone Else?"
playing)
(woman scatting)
♪ ♪
(scatting continues)
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Na-na-na. no-no-no ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Said. I love you. babe.
said. I love you. babe ♪
♪ No. no. baby ♪
♪ I know that you're hiding
something from me ♪
♪ That's been close
to your heart ♪
♪ And I felt it
creeping up every day ♪
♪ Baby. right from the start ♪
♪ I know that look you give ♪
♪ When we're fighting ♪
♪ Fighting ♪
♪ 'Cause I used to be the one
who was lying ♪
♪ Oh. lying ♪
♪ Oh. babe. is there
someone else or not? ♪
♪ 'Cause I wanna
keep you close ♪
♪ I don't wanna lose my spot ♪
♪ 'Cause I need to know ♪
♪ If you're hurting him.
or you're hurting me ♪
♪ If I ain't with you.
I don't wanna be ♪
♪ Is there
someone else or not? ♪
♪ Ohh ♪
Yeah!
♪ Or not ♪
♪ I don't deserve
someone loyal to me ♪
♪ Don't you think
I see. baby? ♪
♪ I don't want to be
a prisoner ♪
♪ To who I used to be ♪
♪ I swear I changed my ways
for the better ♪
♪ The better ♪
♪ 'Cause I wanna be
with Los Angeles forever ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Oh. baby. is there
someone else or not? ♪
♪ 'Cause I wanna
keep you close ♪
♪ I don't wanna lose my spot ♪
♪ 'Cause I need to know ♪
♪ If you're hurting him.
or you're hurting me ♪
♪ If I ain't with you.
I don't wanna be ♪
♪ Is there
someone else or not? ♪
♪ Ohh. or not ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Ooh. Los Angeles.
I gotta know ♪
♪ Is there someone else.
or is it just me? ♪
♪ Do you love me?
Do you love me? Do you love? ♪
♪ Na-na-na. na-na-na ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah! ♪
♪ ♪
("I Was Never There" playing)
♪ What makes a grown man
wanna cry? ♪
♪ What makes him
wanna take his life? ♪
♪ Ah. ah ♪
♪ His happiness is never real ♪
♪ And mindless sex
is how he feels ♪
(vocalizes)
♪ When it's time.
when it's time ♪
♪ When it's time ♪
♪ It won't matter ♪
♪ It don't matter ♪
♪ When it's time.
when it's time ♪
♪ When it's time ♪
♪ It don't matter ♪
♪ It was like
I was never there ♪
he was gone in thin air ♪
♪ When it's time.
when it's time ♪
♪ When it's time ♪
♪ It don't matter ♪
♪ ♪
("Wicked Games" playing)
♪ Bring your love. baby.
I could bring my shame ♪
♪ Bring the drugs. baby.
I could bring my pain ♪
♪ I got my heart right here ♪
♪ I got my scars right here ♪
♪ Bring the cups. baby.
I could bring the drink ♪
♪ Bring your body. baby.
I could bring you fame ♪
♪ And that's
my motherfuckin' words too ♪
♪ So let me
motherfuckin' love you ♪
♪ Listen. ma.
I'll give you all I got ♪
♪ Get me off of this ♪
♪ I need confidence in myself ♪
♪ Listen. ma.
I'll give you all of me ♪
♪ Give me all of it ♪
♪ I need all of it
to myself. baby ♪
♪ To myself. baby. my own ♪
♪ So tell me you love me ♪
♪ I wanna know. Los Angeles.
do you motherfuckin' love me? ♪
(audience cheering)
♪ Just tell me you love me ♪
♪ Oh. Los Angeles.
do you love me? ♪
♪ Oh. LA. do you love me? ♪
♪ Oh. West Side.
do you love me? ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ So tell me you love me ♪
(audience cheering)
("Call Out My Name" playing)
♪ ♪
♪ We found each other ♪
♪ I helped you out
of a broken place ♪
♪ You gave me comfort ♪
♪ But falling for you
was my mistake ♪
♪ I put you on top.
I put you on top ♪
♪ I claimed you so proud
and openly ♪
♪ And when times were rough.
when times were rough ♪
♪ I made sure
I held you close to me ♪
♪ So call out my name ♪
♪ Call out my name
when I kiss you so gently ♪
♪ I want you to stay ♪
♪ Even though
you don't want me ♪
♪ Girl. why can't you wait? ♪
♪ Girl. why can't you wait
till I fall out of love? ♪
♪ Won't you call out my name? ♪
♪ Girl. call out my name ♪
♪ And I'll be on my way ♪
♪ I'll be on my... ♪
♪ I said I didn't feel
nothing. baby. but I... ♪
Audience:
♪ ...lied ♪
♪ I almost cut a piece
of myself for your life ♪
♪ Guess I was just
another pit stop ♪
♪ Till you made up your mind ♪
♪ You just wasted my time ♪
♪ You're on top.
I put you on top ♪
♪ I claimed you so proud
and openly. babe ♪
♪ And when times were rough ♪
Talk to me!
♪ When times were rough ♪
♪ I made sure
I held you close to... ♪
Say!
♪ So call out my name ♪
♪ So call out my name
when I kiss you so gently ♪
♪ I want you to stay ♪
♪ Even though
you don't want me ♪
♪ Girl. why can't you wait? ♪
♪ Girl. why can't you wait ♪
♪ Till I fall out of love ♪
♪ Won't you call out my name? ♪
♪ Girl. call out my name.
and I'll be on my way ♪
♪ I'll be on my way ♪
♪ ♪
(audience cheering)
("The Morning" playing)
♪ ♪
This is for
the House of Balloons fans
in SoFi tonight!
♪ ♪
Yeah!
♪ I'm fucking gone right now ♪
♪ Listen. listen ♪
♪ From the mornin'
to the evenin' ♪
♪ Complaints from the tenants ♪
♪ Got the walls kickin' like
they six months pregnant ♪
♪ Drinkin' Alizé
with our cereal for breakfast ♪
♪ And girls callin' cabs
at dawn quarter to seven ♪
♪ Sky's gettin' cold.
we're flyin' from the north ♪
♪ We rockin' with LA
like a sold-out show ♪
♪ A house full of pros
that specialize in the ho'in ♪
♪ Make that money rain as they
takin' off they clothes ♪
♪ Order plane tickets.
Cali is the mission ♪
♪ Visit every month like
I'm split life livin' ♪
♪ Let the world listen ♪
♪ If a hater's
caught slippin' ♪
♪ Then my niggas stay tight ♪
♪ Got my back like Pippen ♪
♪ Fast life grippin' ♪
♪ Yeah. we still tippin' ♪
♪ Codeine cups
paint a picture so vivid ♪
♪ Fakes try to mimic ♪
♪ Get girls timid ♪
♪ But behind closed doors ♪
♪ They get poles so rigid ♪
♪ All that money.
the money is the motive ♪
the money she be foldin' ♪
♪ Girl. put in work.
girl. girl. put in work ♪
♪ Girl. put in work ♪
♪ Push it to the limit ♪
♪ Push it through the pain ♪
♪ I push it for the pleasure
like a virgin to the game ♪
♪ A virgin to that money ♪
♪ A virgin to the fame ♪
♪ So this my only chance ♪
♪ And when I'm over only pray ♪
♪ That I flow from the bottom ♪
♪ Closer to the top ♪
♪ The higher that I climb ♪
♪ The harder Imma drop ♪
♪ These pussy ass niggas ♪
♪ Tryin' to hold on
to their credit ♪
- ♪ So I... ♪
- ♪ Use a debit ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ Ooh. yeah ♪
♪ Why these niggas testin'? ♪
♪ Always fuckin' testin' ♪
♪ Shit that I got 'em
on straight bar hoppin' ♪
♪ To the music of the ambiance.
get shit poppin' ♪
♪ Zombies of the night ♪
♪ Niggas ain't talkin' ♪
♪ If they hypin' to the crew ♪
♪ Get it in like pockets ♪
♪ Downtown lovin'.
when the moon comin' ♪
♪ Only place to find
baseheads and hot women ♪
Let's go!
♪ All that money.
the money is the motive ♪
♪ The money
is the motive. yeah ♪
Sing! I say...
♪ All that money.
the money she be foldin' ♪
♪ Girl. put in work.
girl. girl. put in work ♪
work. work ♪
♪ Work. work. work. work ♪
Los Angeles. let's...
("Save Your Tears" playing)
Oh. yeah! Oh. yeah!
Talk to me!
♪ I saw you dancing
in a crowded room ♪
♪ You look so happy
when I'm not with you ♪
♪ But then you saw me.
caught you by surprise ♪
♪ A single teardrop falling
from your eye ♪
So I said...
♪ I don't know why I run away ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I'll make you cry
when I run away ♪
Hey!
♪ You could've asked me
why I broke your heart ♪
♪ You could've told me
that you fell apart ♪
♪ But you walked past me
like I wasn't there ♪
♪ And just pretended
like you didn't care ♪
♪ I don't know why I run away ♪
Sing it!
♪ I'll make you cry
when I run away ♪
♪ Take me back
'cause I wanna stay ♪
♪ Save your tears
for another... ♪
Audience:
♪ Save your tears ♪
♪ For another day ♪
The Weeknd:
Sing it!
♪ Save your tears
for another day ♪
One time. right side!
I said sing!
Audience:
Save your tears ♪
♪ For another day ♪
♪ Left side ♪
I said...
Audience:
♪ Save your tears ♪
♪ For another day ♪
Now it's my turn!
♪ I said save-e-e ♪
♪ Your tears for another day ♪
♪ Your tears ♪
♪ Save your tears
for another day ♪
♪ ♪
(phone beeps)
Woman (over voicemail):
Hey. it's me.
I know it's been awhile
but I was just
thinking about you.
And...
I'm sorry about everything.
I miss you.
(phone beeps)
("Less Than Zero" playing)
Oh. you know it.
Listen!
♪ ♪
♪ Remember I was your hero ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I'd wear your heart
like a symbol ♪
♪ I couldn't save you ♪
♪ From my
darkest truth of all ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I know ♪
♪ I'll always be
less than zero ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ You tried your best
with me. I know ♪
♪ I couldn't face you ♪
♪ With my
darkest truth of all ♪
♪ You know.
you know. you know ♪
One. two.
one. two. three. let's go!
♪ I can't get it... ♪
♪ Out of my head ♪
♪ No. I can't
shake this feeling ♪
♪ That crawls in my bed ♪
♪ I try to hide it.
but I know you know me ♪
♪ I try to fight it.
but I'd rather be free ♪
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Can we meet in the middle? ♪
(vocalizes)
♪ 'Cause you were
just like me before ♪
♪ Now you'd rather leave me ♪
♪ Than to watch me
die in your arms ♪
You ready?
You ready? You ready?
One. two.
one. two. three. let's go!
♪ I can't get it
out of my head ♪
♪ No. I can't shake
this feeling ♪
♪ That crawls in my bed ♪
♪ I try to hide it.
but I know you know me ♪
♪ I try to fight it.
but I'd rather be free ♪
LA. make some
motherfuckin' noise!
♪ ♪
♪ I can't get it
out of my head ♪
♪ No. I can't
shake this feeling ♪
♪ That crawls in my bed ♪
♪ I try to hide it.
but I know you know me ♪
♪ I try to fight it.
but I'd rather be free ♪
♪ Oh. no ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
I said. one. two. three. say!
♪ I can't get it
out of my head ♪
♪ No. I can't
shake this feeling ♪
♪ That crawls in my bed ♪
♪ I try to hide it.
but I know you know me ♪
♪ I try to fight it.
but I'd rather be free ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ I'll always be
less than zero ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You tried your best
with me I know ♪
(audience cheering)
("Blinding Lights" playing)
♪ ♪
(audience cheering)
(cheering intensifies)
(drums beating)
♪ ♪
♪ I've been tryin' to call ♪
♪ I've been on my own
for long enough ♪
♪ Maybe you can show me
how to love ♪
♪ Maybe ♪
♪ I'm going
through withdrawals ♪
♪ You don't even have
to do too much ♪
♪ You can turn me on
with just a touch. baby ♪
♪ I look around
and Sin City's cold and empty ♪
♪ No one's around to judge me ♪
♪ I can't see clearly
when you're gone-on-on ♪
I said...
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I'm blinded by the lights ♪
♪ No. I can't sleep
until I feel your touch ♪
♪ I said. ooh.
I'm drowning in the night ♪
♪ Oh. when I'm like this.
you're the one I... ♪
Make some motherfuckin' noise!
♪ ♪
♪ Okay ♪
♪ I'm running out of time ♪
♪ 'Cause I can see
the sun light up the sky ♪
♪ So I hit the road
in overdrive. baby ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ The city's cold and empty ♪
♪ No one's around to judge me ♪
♪ I can't see clearly
when you're gone-on-on ♪
♪ I said. ooh.
I'm blinded by the lights ♪
♪ No. I can't sleep
until I feel your... ♪
Say!
♪ I said. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ I'm drowning in the night ♪
♪ Oh. when I'm like this.
you're the one ♪
♪ I trust ♪
♪ I'm just walking by
to let you know ♪
♪ I can never say it
on the phone ♪
♪ Will never
let you go this time ♪
♪ I said. ooh.
I'm blinded by the lights ♪
♪ No. I can't sleep... ♪
Los Angeles. make some
motherfuckin' noise!
Let's go!
♪ ♪
(vocalizes)
♪ I said. ohh... ♪
Come on!
♪ ♪
♪ Okay ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I said. ooh.
I'm blinded by the lights ♪
♪ No. I can't sleep
until I feel your touch ♪
(cheering)
♪ ♪
(echoing) Whoo!
(audience cheering)
♪ ♪
(cheering continues)
Thank you. Los Angeles.
I fuckin' love you!
(cheering intensifies)
(cheering continues)
♪ ♪